README.md, before:

# grunt-heroku-deploy

Task to switch to a deploy branch and push to heroku

## Getting Started
Install this grunt plugin next to your project's [grunt.js gruntfile][getting_started] with: `npm install grunt-heroku-deploy`

Then add this line to your project's `grunt.js` gruntfile:

```javascript
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-heroku-deploy');
```

[grunt]: https://github.com/cowboy/grunt
[getting_started]: https://github.com/cowboy/grunt/blob/master/docs/getting_started.md

## Documentation

Here's how I use this:

I do my dev on master which is set up to push to wherever I'm storing code.

    git branch --set-upstream master origin/master

I set up a branch locally that will be my deploy branch - it might have some different configuration's committed. It pushes to heroku by default.

    git branch --set-upstream deploy heroku/master

Now I can run `grunt heroku-deploy` while on the master branch, which will do:

    git checkout deploy  # switch to the deploy branch
    git merge master     # merge in the changes I was making
    git push             # push it to heroku
    git checkout master  # switch back to where I was so I can continue developing

If you want to specify the deploy branch name, use the 'deployBranch' property on each target like so:
```javascript
grunt.initConfig({
	'heroku-deploy' : {
        production : {
            deployBranch : 'prod'
        },
        staging : {
            deployBranch : 'staging'
        }
    }
});
```

## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [grunt][grunt].

## Release History
0.1.0 - "works for me".  Needs testing and feedback.

## License
Copyright (c) 2012 Adam Ahmed  
Licensed under the MIT license.

Commit message:

Add the ability to pass deployTag, pushTag, and origin options to auto create and push new tags when deploying

README.md, after:

# grunt-heroku-deploy

Task to switch to a deploy branch and push to heroku

## Getting Started
Install this grunt plugin next to your project's [grunt.js gruntfile][getting_started] with: `npm install grunt-heroku-deploy`

Then add this line to your project's `grunt.js` gruntfile:

```javascript
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-heroku-deploy');
```

[grunt]: https://github.com/cowboy/grunt
[getting_started]: https://github.com/cowboy/grunt/blob/master/docs/getting_started.md

## Documentation

Here's how I use this:

I do my dev on master which is set up to push to wherever I'm storing code.

    git branch --set-upstream master origin/master

I set up a branch locally that will be my deploy branch - it might have some different configuration's committed. It pushes to heroku by default.

    git branch --set-upstream deploy heroku/master

Now I can run `grunt heroku-deploy` while on the master branch, which will do:

    git checkout deploy  # switch to the deploy branch
    git merge master     # merge in the changes I was making
    git push             # push it to heroku
    git checkout master  # switch back to where I was so I can continue developing

If you want to specify the deploy branch name, use the 'deployBranch' property on each target like so:
```javascript
grunt.initConfig({
	'heroku-deploy' : {
        production : {
            deployBranch : 'prod'
        },
        staging : {
            deployBranch : 'staging'
        }
    }
});
```

You may also provide a tag if you'd like to automatically create a new tag (and optionally push it up to origin):

```javascript
grunt.initConfig({
  pkg: grunt.file.readJSON('package.json'),
  'heroku-deploy' : {
      production : {
          deployTag : 'v<%= pkg.version %>',
          pushTag : true,
          origin : 'origin'
      }
  }
})
```
This will create a new tag, push it to origin, and deploy that tag to heroku:

    git tag v0.1.1  # create a new tag
    git push origin v0.1.1 # push the tag to origin (this is skipped if pushTag is missing or false)

Then everything else runs as if it were called with `{deployBranch : 'v0.0.1'}`

## Contributing
In lieu of a formal styleguide, take care to maintain the existing coding style. Add unit tests for any new or changed functionality. Lint and test your code using [grunt][grunt].

## Release History
0.1.0 - "works for me".  Needs testing and feedback.

## License
Copyright (c) 2012 Adam Ahmed  
Licensed under the MIT license.
